and now I'll go get her go back same
color
this purple very important color
another time for the color purple we've
already had one time where the color was
purple the time of Advent that led us to
the great mystery of Christmas and now
we are beginning another time of waiting
and preparation for a very important
thing to happen the weeks leading into
the mystery of Easter eggs of lint
and inside here is something that will
help us understand how long lint is
there's our first piece and oh here's
another one
completely different shape
seven one three
and 4/4 is how on for weeks an Advent
that led to the mystery of Christmas but
I've got more so the mystery of Easter
or Liz must be longer than the mystery
of Christmas Advent
I've still got so we know it's longer I
still have it looks like one more feels
like one more
so six pieces one two three four five
six six weeks of lint six weeks to
prepare and just study and think about
the one who is Easter to think about
ourselves and Neal who we are to this
one who we are in the mystery of Easter
so now I'll try to put them together
looks like that one does
ah
I'm there and what are we making what is
it
across
and this one has a purple cross now we
know that Jesus was nailed to a cross
and he died there which is very sad
so maybe purple is also a sad color
but it's also true that often on the
other side we have the white I can do
this like this and the purple cross
now because a beautiful white shiny your
celebration
pure white which is also the mystery or
part of the mystery of Easter
so what it started out to be sad turned
into a great celebration a great
wonderful event
that actually happened
so now I wonder
I wonder if you've ever seen these
colors before in the church out of the
purple
and the white
and you wonder ever wonder who changes
the colors I wonder where the colors go
when they're not being used
and then I wonder about the sad part of
the mystery
combined with the happiness that turns
into a joyful celebration the wonder how
wonder if you've ever had that happen to
you
and I wonder where joy comes from
and I wonder if
I wonder how you know when it's joy
last winner about